Tech Specs

what displays do you have to support?
Mobile (most used)

what browswers?
Google Chrome, Safari, IE

what languages are you using?
Javascript

what 3rd party technologies?
Yelp API (or grocery API)

what are 3rd party requirements?
Yelp is Open API (I haven't found an Open API for grocery yet)

User Stories Yelp

local - user/consumer
out of towner - user/consumer
businesses - user/business
developer - creator

As a local, I want to find a new place to eat based on user reviews.
As an out of towner, I want to find restaurants that serve food past 10pm (not just alcohol).
As a consumer, I want to know the weather also to determine if outdoor eating is desired or not.
As a consumer, I want to know Top Five restaurants within walking distance of my hotel (need to enter hotel address).
As a consumer, I want to know latest Instagram posts about a specific restaurant.
As a business, I want consumers to know my business hours.
As a developer, I want to create a quick search and display for Top Five restaurants based on reviews.

User Stories Grocery

frequent shopper - user/consumer
infrequent shopper - user/consumer
grocery store - user/business
developer - creator

As a grocery shopper, I want an efficient route for grocery shopping so that I don't spend hours in the store.
As a grocery shopper, I want to know if certain days/hours offer double coupons.
As an infrequent shopper for my household, I want to be able to locate items without searching up and down the aisle.
As a husband who normally doesn't do the grocery shopping, I want to find the specific item/brand my wife wants.
As a business, I want customers to be able to find products so they can purchase them.
As a developer, I want to create a sorted list so someone can shop for non-perishable goods first and perishable goods last.
As a grocery shopper, I want to be able to categorize my shopping list by type, also by aisle location.
As a grocery shopper, I'd like to have a picture of my fridge contents or pantry contents for access later.
As a grocery shopper, I'd like be able to store a picture with a product item so it's easy to find.
As a grocery shopper, I'd like to have a history of previous grocery list/items, and dates they were bought.  That way I can have an idea if an item is running low.
Type in an item and it shows you when it was last bought, what size too.

User Journeys

Create account information and view account information
Create a grocery list and have it sorted by category/aisle location
Add details to an item, like a comment or a picture.
Keep grocery list history and be able to view.







